.SH RESOURCES
.SS General Resources
.PP
In addition to standard X and Motif toolkit resources, following resources
are used by XFile.
.TP
\fBappNameInTitle\fP \fIBoolean\fP
Show application name (XFile) in the title bar if True, only current directory
name/path otherwise. Default is False.
.TP
\fBconfirmRemoval\fP always|multiple
Controls whether file removal actions must be confirmed by the user.
If set to \fIalways\fP, the user is prompted before every removal, if
set to \fImultiple\fP the user is prompted when removing more than three
files, or a directory. Default is \fIalways\fP.
.TP
\fBdefaultPath\fP \fIString\fP
Specifies the default startup path if none was specified on the command line.
Default is the current directory.
.TP
\fBduplicateSuffix\fP \fIString\fP
Specifies the default suffix used to construct suggested names for duplicates.
Default value is \fI.copy\fP.
.TP
\fBfilterDirectories\fP \fIBoolean\fP
If True, filter pattern (see the \-f option and the View\->Filter... menu item)
will also affect directories, files only otherwise. Default is False.
.TP
\fBfullPathInTitle\fP \fIBoolean\fP
Show full path to the current directory in the title bar if True,
only current directory name otherwise. Default is False.
.TP
\fBhistoryMaxEntries\fP \fIInteger\fP
Specifies the maximum number of entries to be stored in history.
Default is 8.
.TP
\fBiconSize\fP auto|tiny|small|medium|large
Sets the size of icons displayed in the file list. Default is \fBauto\fP,
in which case the size is deduced from font height.
.TP
\fBmediaDirectory\fP \fIString\fP
Specifies a mount daemon managed directory, if any (typically /media/$LOGNAME).
Environment variables in \fBsh\fP syntax will be expanded accordingly.
This resource is not set by default.
.TP
\fBmediaMountCommand\fP
Specifies a mount daemon specific command to mount mount-points within
the daemon managed media directory (see \fBmediaDirectory\fP).
It is expected to take one argument (the mount point path), and return zero
on success. If it returns non\-zero, anything it prints to \fBstderr\fP will
be captured and displayed in a message box.
This resource is not set by default.
.TP
\fBmediaUnmountCommand\fP
Specifies a mount daemon specific command to unmount mount-points within
the daemon managed media directory (see \fBmediaDirectory\fP).
It is expected to take one argument (the mount point path), and return zero
on success. If it returns non\-zero, anything it prints to \fBstderr\fP will
be captured and displayed in a message box.
This resource is not set by default.
.TP
\fBmountCommand\fP \fIString\fP
Specifies the command to be used to mount entries from fstab.
It is expected to take one argument (the mount point path), and return zero
on success. If it returns non\-zero, anything it prints to \fBstderr\fP will
be captured and displayed in a message box.
Default value is "mount".
.TP
\fBunmountCommand\fP \fIString\fP
Specifies the default command to unmount mount\-points.
It is expected to take one argument (the mount point path), and return zero
on success. If it returns non\-zero, anything it prints to \fBstderr\fP will
be captured and displayed in a message box.
Default is "umount".
.TP
\fBuserMounts\fP \fIBoolean\fP
If True, Mount/Unmount entries will be shown in the context menu for mount
points. Default is True.
.TP
\fBpathField\fP \fIBoolean\fP
If True, the path field will be shown in the main window. Defaults to True.
.TP
\fBrefreshInterval\fP \fIInteger\fP
Specifies the interval in seconds at which xfile should check for changes
within the current directory. Default is 3 seconds.
.TP
\fBstatusField\fP \fIBoolean\fP
If True, the status field will be displayed in the main window.
Defaults to True.
.TP
\fBshowAll\fP \fIBoolean\fP
Show all files (including ones starting with dot) by default. This option
may be inverted using command line parameters. Default is false.
.TP
\fBuserDatabaseOnly\fP \fIBoolean\fP
If True, only user ($HOME/.xfile/*.db) file type database is parsed, default
database is ignored. Default is False.
.TP
\fBvariable.\fP\fIname\fP \fIString\fP
Defines a local environment variable used by the file type database
(see the \fBFILE TYPE DATABASE\fP section on variable expansion) for command
\fIString\fP expansion.
