.SH FILE TYPE DATABASE
.PP
A file type database is a plain text file, comprised of one or more records.
.PP
A record starts with a type name string, consisting of alpha-numeric characters
and whitespace, followed by a bracketed scope, that is, an opening bracket { on
the same or following line, ending with a closing bracket } on a separate line.
.PP
Within record's scope, properties and matching patterns are specified as
name/value pairs.
.PP
Comments may be specified following the # character.
.SS Record Fields
.TP
\fBicon\fP \fI<string>\fP
Specifies icon name to be displayed for this file type.
.TP
\fBmime\fP \fI<string>\fP
Specifies MIME type. This is not used internally, but is accessible through a
context dependent variable %m.
.TP
\fBmatch_name\fP \fI<glob pattern>\fP
One or more glob patterns to match the file name against.
.TP
\fBmatch_content\fP \fI#<offset>\fP \fI<data>\fP
One or more data patterns to match file contents against.
.TP
\fBaction\fP \fI<name>\fP: \fI<command>\fP
Action to be displayed in the file context menu. Any character in the name
may be prefixed with & to specify a mnemonic. Literal & may be specified using
the \\ escape character.
.PP
Multiple values may be specified for \fBmatch_name\fP, \fBmatch_content\fP
and \fBaction\fP fields, - one per line - within a bracketed scope that follows
the field name.
.PP
If same record name is encountered more than once, the earlier definition
is replaced. User defined database files are loaded after system\-wide ones,
and therefore will override any eponymous records.
.PP
See \fBFILES\fP section in this manual, for database file locations.
.SS Variable Expansion
.PP
Unix shell like variable expansion is supported in action command strings.
.PP
XFile local and context dependent variables start with the % character, while
environment variables start with $. The sh syntax ${...} and respectively
%{...} is also supported.
.PP
Local variables are defined using X resources in form:
.br
XFile.variable.\fI<name>\fP: \fI<value>\fP
.br
.PP
Substitute \fIname\fP with the variable name of choice, and \fIvalue\fP
with the value desired.
.SS Context Dependent Variables
.PP
.nf
.ta .5i
\fB%n\fP	File name of the selected item.
\fB%p\fP	Path name of the selected item (working directory).
\fB%m\fP	MIME string (if specified in the database).
.fi
.SS Predefined Variables
.PP
The default database makes use of several predefined variables listed below.
These may be set in user's .Xresources (see \fBVariable Expansion\fP above)
to accommodate the environment, without modifying the database.
.PP
terminal, textEditor, webBrowser, imageViewer, imageEditor,
audioPlayer, videoPlayer.
.TP
NOTE:
The \fIterminal\fP command must treat all arguments passed to it as a list of
commands and their respective arguments to be executed (it defaults to \fBxterm
-e\fP)
