.SH USER INTERFACE
.SS Directory View
The directory view is navigated either with the pointer or arrow keys.
For both, the \fBShift\fP modifier key is utilized for extending a selection,
the \fBCtrl\fP for adding and subtracting selected items. When navigating
using arrow keys with the \fBCtrl\fP modifier depressed, only the focus
rectangle is moved, allowing to add focused items to the selected set
by pressing the \fBSpacebar\fP key.
.PP
\fBEnter\fP executes the default action for the selected item. \fBSpacebar\fB
toggles the selection. \fBBackspace\fP changes to the parent directory.
.PP
Typing into the directory view will select the next matching file name.
Incremental search will be reset after a few seconds, or when
the key bound to \fBosfCancel\fP (typically \fBEsc\fP) is pressed
(see the FileList widget \fBlookupTimeout\fP resource).
.PP
By default, icon size is deduced from label font height. This can be controlled
with the iconSize resource. Custom icons may be installed in .xfile/icons user's
home sub-directory (see also the FILES section). If an icon specified in the
type database cannot be found, a built-in, generic icon will be used instead.
.SS Mount Points
For mount points, Mount/Unmount action will be displayed in the context menu.
Depending on system configuration, alternate un/mount command may
be specified (see mountCommand, unmountCommand), or disabled (see userMounts).
.PP
XFile may be configured to utilize a user mount daemon that manages a "media"
directory (see mediaDirectory, mediaMountCommand, mediaUnmountCommand X
resources).
.SS File/Context Menu
Actions defined in the file type database appear first in File/Context menus,
in the order they were defined. First action in the list is the default -
that is, it's being run whenever an item in the list is activated.
.SS Tools Menu
XFile features a drop-down menu for user defined tools. The \fBTools\fP
menu will be displayed once content is added to it using X resources as
follows:
.PP
XFile.tools.<tool name>: <command>
.PP
The command string may contain following context dependent variables:
.PP
.nf
.ta 4m
%n	Selected file name(s).
%p	Current directory (CWD).
%u	User specified parameters (an input dialog will be shown).
.fi
.PP
Environment variables may also be specified using \fBsh\fP syntax.
.PP
To set standard Motif resources, such as label string, mnemonic, position and
accelerators, menu item widgets (see XmPushButtonGadget(3)) in the Tools menu
may be referred to as XFile.mainMenu.toolsMenu.\fI<tool name>\fP.
Most relevant resources are listed below.
.PP
.nf
.ta 16m
labelString	\fIString\fP
mnemonic	\fICharacter\fP
acceleratorText	\fIString\fP
accelerator	\fIKeySym\fP
positionIndex	\fIInteger\fP
.fi
.SS Pasting Selections
The primary X selection is utilized for file transfer. When one or more
files are selected in an XFile window, these may be pasted in another with
the \fBEdit > Copy Here\fP and \fBEdit > Move Here\fP menu commands.
.PP
XFile owned selection may also be pasted as a list of space separated
file names in an application/widget that requests plain-text data, such
as terminal or text editor.
